Fatty, I asked if you are Ye Wushuang
That's right, I am Ye Wushuang
Could it be that you are the richest man in Nancheng?
Grandfather Duan's daughter
20 women
Is that right?
It's you who can really cure my dad's disease
I was ordered by my master to go down the mountain to treat Master Duan
I didn't expect it.
Mr. Duan's daughter is still a beautiful woman
Hey, you hairy boy
How do you prove that you are an apprentice of Boundless Academy?
So what?
This kind of appearance can really cure my father's disease
Come on.
I'm sleeping here, you found me, okay?
If you doubt me
Don't disturb my sleep
Go home and prepare for your dad's funeral
You are presumptuous and dare to curse my father to death, you are courting death
I'm just courting death, you support me
Does your dad still have my curse?
Isn't what I said the truth?
If I'm not mistaken
Grandpa Duan must look yellow now
Black eyes
You're hanging by a thread.
Definitely won't survive 8 o'clock tonight
Now it's just my tavern
Please give my dad some pointers
Is this the attitude of inviting people?